(person8) so we are expecting [person1] today? (person6) yes, he has just written an email asked for the address now are we and i have answered him. because of covid the officers are like semi open and -. (person6) yeah, yeah, understand it, ehm. so have you had a chance to look at the [organization2] sessions yourself? but still, it would be more similar to what we are normally collecting. as you said now, and and even more of their to their presentation. (person1) they have, they are interpreted life. the official ones are already boring and creating our own. and 55 hours for check almost all of them double. if we have like 50 hours in total, um, uh, that will be great. so we actually should give the the week will retain half of the data of the test set, and will give away half of the data for whatever purpose of the participants would like to use it. so for the division into train and and uh, test set, testing can be very non standard. (person6) this this is what we already told two weeks ago. (person6) and now [person8] came and said that it's really seems to be very, very few, and he had, and he he made a summary of what is used for share tasks. (person8) no no none of them were for summarization. it was back in 2006, and no information was there. (person1) so i think that that we will simply use what we have. it's 15 meetings of the like if your score would be just one word scroll like a good or bad. uh, but it's, it is a nice contrast if data set again. (person1) this show like the whole screen. so we have a transcript include and i don't know. (person1) this is deffinitely very different from what we have. but it is a very different and we should say so -. there must be way to to make it simpler than all the pre filling of this search form that search form. (person6) no, no i i didn't find the correct year. (person8) so so one thing i want to mention. so i would to take and show you an exactly hyper, but i would find it and <unintelligible>.

(person1) ehm. because that way we are comparable with the literature. so for ami, icsi we can easily also provide the existing training data as the training data. and uh, we also have to deffinitely uh, four beats them of the years. (person6) oh, may i show you one example? and this of the chapter is searchable for the minutes. there was only one session in that period found in those five years, that is surprising, but yeah. (person1) mm-hmm,

(person8) the first picture but than. yeah, so he could be the person who could do the downloading in, because he would be probably <unintelligible>.

or talk to [person3].

[person3] is on vacation this week. so to to create a downloader of from and something which reconstruct the structure based on matching of strings. and and if it is very short it is it's kind of different task. so, [person8] propose to divide it into 3 parts like short meetings and long meetings. (person1) so uh, [person2], the way you obtained this open acces or the the open academic corpus. (person2) and they are just big, i just -. then we really should prepare it for the participants to make it easy. and the data set is, it will involve some work indeed, but it should be really done by a cs person by annotators to match the transcripts and the summaries and the minutes. and uh, it is exactly the word that has been done by the open academic corpora. (person2) but we already saw a minutes they are not variable. you just participants these that on that. (person1) uh, they are some form of minutes. (person1) and you did this with [person2] right? it is it is similarly different as the like the title, and the uh, and the abstract. this is also like a very specific kind of summarization, <unintelligible> does not summarize the the paper. <laugh>

(person1) because you are freezing. yeah, you.you should put some wood to the to the heating so other.(a) i didn't, i didn't have time to make the heating, yeah, yeah, okay, uh. (person1) so we need to find the person who is familiar with wget, and who can download and prepare the corpus. so uh, who is <unintelligible> enough in that. it is quite different, obviously, because you are interested in the transcripts and the summaries. but in case you, you needed any suggestions on how to like get through these what form so where, then he will probably know. uh, and maybe with a point, one point, two of their multiple copies, and you can use this as the as the director structure, and you can put the the files there. (person6) and, so, it should probably look kind of similar our basic symbols and [organization2] data set. it is in some reasonable way and for the minutes. (person6) sometimes t as <unintelligible>.

and if there just, if the person didn't know he just a, b.

(person1) okay. so he will join us tomorrow and we can ask him. so year slash month slash day slash the name of the session. (person8) so at this work i would first try to do use to find an automatic script. (person1) and that is uh, the full think. i'm just working whether this [organization2] corpus should be in [project1] minuting or whether should be moved one, one directory deeper. (person6) probably, well, now we decided that [person8] will work with the data. i will continue annotate my our our data with my annotators. and uh, okay, so thanks a lot and i'm i'm -. (person2) there is limit in the downscale.