the easiest way is to replay your system's time stamps and try to replay it.
remember you are all muted...
you are both muted.
if you want to replay, please send a message to anyone you knows you are in contact with.
for more information, call the national suicide prevention lifeline on 1 - 800 - 8255.the file with time stamps and time stamps should appear in all the languages.
" in all it should appear like get ready and click on the click instruction 3 2 2 2 1 click.
we don't know who this m is...
( person7 ), " said person7.the zoom account is shared with like it's across the organization4 of from our building.
we're also having the [ organization ] promoting so what do you want to do with that? " " i totally forgot...
i was ready to type pin pins but wasn't actually prompted for, " says person9.the first path of the zoom us link we are using is...
it's.
the organization1 is the first group of people to use the system.
we have [ person ] v, i don't know who that is, but does it? we're getting very anxious about the demo actually.the project officer is working on a plan a project officer and other guests he will invite.
the idea is you usually bypass the mtray - m3u8 url.
it exposes an https url, ok, and on the server run ffm peg command which actually streams the video file.if they actually were ffm pegs rights, they would be able to stream the video file.
if they were actually ffm rights expands and exposes the directory.
if it's not a local path, it would expose the directory to an external client on the server.the video box takes in input a public m3u8 url.
this is how the ab client gets the sound.
the t command should also work.
if you're able to do this, then then you'll be able to run it on public server.
the machine which would be streaming this.anyone with the access to the exposed server could run the ffm peg streams.
if you want to run it, you can start the streaming and - video stream stream stream streams.
this is something that would need cooperation from our admins...
and we need to be able to well well.the project officer will focus on the quality of the provided video file.
the director of the ted talks to ted talk in ted talks in ted ted.
the project will be able to perform test of - ( person6 ) and machine translation on cascade because it doesn't help in the assessment.german tedx talks about the german segmentation of tedx talk.
" this one has both human gen - human translation and automatic translation, " he says.
this one is a ted talk that's actually remote, but it's remote, he adds.
click here for all the latest tedx news.person4 has created the models for that domain.
it's not only transcribing, but we need to translate and translate.
the project officer might consider it too easy for the company to translate.
it may not be that easy because this person speaks more clearly than the tedx speaker.the project officer says it's possible to propose just thursday and friday and friday.
" it fix the set up, then we fix the quality, " says person6.
" i don't know.
how confident are we that we manage the plans abc running at these one of them, " he says.we will use this standard youtube iframe doesn't have the auto play on.
the instructions would be like look at the subtitles now, we will do a countdown for you and on the click when you see the word click you need to click the play button on the video.we are not going to restart the main broadcasting broadcasting.
we need to inject into all the languages...
to make the script.
it's not actually a back door, because it're the presentation platform.
we have to clear copy rights to re - broadcast the videos.the full pipeline will start and this has to be tested so that the delay is like known how long it takes.
if there is no delay ideally, it's not possible to set it up.
the pipeline will be tested by the end of the pipeline and this will be used to test the video streaming playlists.plan a is to re - broadcast with youtube broadcasting.
plan c is to be broadcast on youtube broadcasting on youtube.
but there is no practical way to be sure about this.
it appears to be extremely vo - volatile, we could only try it and then get banned essentially.
the plan is a plan c.the meeting will be streamed on youtube and youtube.
" we will demo the system transcribing and translating our speech as the meeting goes...
and for the meeting, we should demo it as soon as possible, " says person99.
the meeting is expected to take place in the coming days.if we do this in german, then we can use the machine to follow the sound output whatever is being played.
the project officer says it's good to show how it handles that and how people can improve their pronunciation as they go.
he says the machine needs a completely different set up, respects to the one we are preparing for the file.the sound was coming from person7's output, but it does not pass through the service architecture.
it's not related to the videos that were posted yesterday.
the video is not related.
the sound is the same thing we used yesterday, says person99, which was running the the pipeline.plan b is what we would really prefer...
and it's the best way to set up.
plan a is cross - country, but we don't want to go for it.
it should work, and we know when to invite [ person ] for the next test.
this needs some deadlines.person7 was the first of its kind to have national holiday.
the project officer said it needed to test restarts.
he also wanted to test both online text flow and the presentation platform for face - to - face conferences.
it's not just for the success but for the recovery from a failure.if you have video that i think would be good for you, it should be running for for the rest of you, or otherwise, sorry.
i can - ( person6 ) and [ person6 ] are going to work on the technical set up...
but i can test it on our set up,'says person6.'it would be interesting for me to be able to restart the meeting 'the cruise control gitrepo are stored the organization5 scripts ( organization2 ) scripts used to make multiple streamings.
for example, it uses german asr and english asr asr.
the software is available on the company's website and is free to download.the organization5 shows all the organization's scripts used during the project years.
it's not possible to test everything directly in the final machine.
the organization is trying to get us to look in on the https web server, the [ organization5 ] ’ s ] one.plan b is to log in on the organization5's web server.
uploads the video file to a public url and provide input to ab client.
the video playlist is the m3u8 playlist, which is a standard to for web streaming videos.person6 is testing plan c, thank you person7.
it's testing the plan c which you're currently having.
if you correctly understood in order to - - you'd have to recap our stream text to the presentation platform sorry you guys...
we're testing this idea of plan c.the idea is the same as the windows explorer or still the shell.
it's just the shell, and there is a huge delay.
this is the first time the idea has been used in the windows system.
the idea was created by person6, who is also streaming the video for example.
click here for more information.if we go back to the ehm expose directory, we will see that dts files start appearing and being visited.
if we publish a file in this directory, it's like kind of frame window which is being updated every second or every few seconds.
we are going to fix it in order to performance likely better in terms of performances.the index m3u8 file is the index of the playlist.
if you connect to the exposure directory, you can open the network stream.
this is the video streaming service's first open - the - web service.
for example, in vlc you can access the video stream.the project officer will see the demo through the screen.
the video will be publically available to the host persons of the meeting.
the project will be available to all parties of the conference.
the presentation will be free to download and the presentation is free to pre - order.we can organize still in the share screen put on the publics server.
the presentation will also grant us to avoid at least one part of the connection problem.
we will see which is the most performing solution, and how it will kill your connection.
the video pin will also give us the option to connect to the public url.the demo running actually remotely will let us at least let the demo run.
if you want to join the conference call, we - ( person7 ) yes yes...
we - - it will be interesting to check it out.
but i'll not be available because i'm in another conference call.plan c was like overloading the whole slt system too much.
if you're also streaming it's like using up your internet connection as well.
send the demo to the public on the public server...
or the public web connection.
for example, we need to be able to access the public version of the system.the tixati client is a client program that sends text messages.
it sends an e - mail to person5 if he sends it.
if he responds then we can add him for few minutes in this meeting.
it's possible that the user can contact person5 to join the meeting.the next test session is at half past 10pm.
if you want to join us, you will know where you will find us tomorrow.
i will send the e - mail with this kind of meeting scheduled for tomorrow, ok, i'm actually - - if you have a set up that i can use to test the videos." person3 [ person ] is responsible for so, we actually need to book slot slot slot " " i think [ person6 ] should be happy or...
responsibility, " said person7.
" it's fine to have the next test session tomorrow at half past 10? "the meeting will be held at the google document conference on wednesday.
" i hope that in the first afternoon i will have an answer for you, " says person6.
for the video file file it would be german, probably german at least, or some other language.
the presentation platform is expected to be open to the public.bye everyone...
bye everyone ( person6 ) ( person7 ) ) bye.
bye.
( person 7 ) ( ( person 6 ) ).
bye : bye to your friends and family.
send you a message on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here.