we are trying to record this call to see if we are able to summarize it automatically.
it is a practise in selling your homework, and that's the point of the meeting.
it's important to make sure that your point from the last week already has a row and then when they have the row.this is the 17th february so in little bit more than two weeks from now.
here will be other monday seminars that will be held in the u.
s.
this week.
the event will take place at the same time as other major events.
there will also be other events so this year's event will be a harsh one.two events which have the same type of domain adaptation will be held in english.
event will benefit from domain adaptation as well as the second dry run and the final workshop.
the event will also be used for domain adaptation later on in the year.
it's the first time the event has been held on the 12th of february.this is one of the to do or wanted items to add filter and f - populated what words we don't want to show at all.
this is something that we have a months or more for.
we should work on this...
some censorship upcoding constructs constructs that we shouldn't.we should adapt to what is our bussiness or topic of business.
we need clean all the data because some duplicate sentences and some other garbage values.
this is already like a big challenge...
and we need to know what activity they would like to work on.
this week we were able to download 1970 to 1980.there were mostly in english or all the languages, that's a mix of languages.
but there was some problem of the - ( ( person ) ) - ( person7 ), which means'monolingualy'( person2 ) ( person 7 ) ( ( nonintelligible )...
( ( individual ) ).the list will never be complete and it will contain many word which we really like to have an as the output or as the input.
" i believe in the putting up the.
top of the list...
that is exactly responding to the to the fake that is created by an error in the translation system "the idea is to train empty systems on corpora which are refind to contain only higher frequency words so like safe word corpora or safe vocabulary corpora.
there is two ways to bring sentences which contain infrequent words such as forget.
we need to evaluate which approaches is best interupt and use backtrans to create the other part.the tool that does this filtering should actually be regularly checking this has appearance some list of words live and we go.
it's a like a bigger experiment and we'd like to have a chance to prevent it from happening again.
the tool is available to pre - order on the fly and is expected to be available later this month.the mi corporas has time stamps for word and error totaly.
it's time to convert that data into shorter ones.
the error is on the call, and we can now use the existing time stamps to break in a small chunks.
we should be able to convert this data so that you see whether it like cashes up with shorter segments.this is what i didn't realise before because i < unintelligible...
with that like intense enough myself, i can convert the second we can use it but we can discuss it later.
now, why do we have to do it after lunch or maybe in the morning?i'm not sure i have access to files i cannot find to use.
i've experimented with various technics and especially domain - specific words.
i have been listening to czech asr for [ person3 ] talk that took place yesterday...
i ’ m very happy with results,'i said.person1 has found the appropriate command flacs so that the audio is compresses to mp3 then shiped to the asr.
this will be applied to all asr systems.
the question is what effect does this have on the.
asr quality, and if it's like the same then will write to it.librispeech was working on the sound segmentation of the voice segmentation.
it's now available to download in the u.
s.
and canada.
the software works with mp3 compression and is also in mp3 format.
it can be pre - ordered for $ 1.
99 ( £4 )a segment of the segment is being aired in the middle of the week.
the segment will be aired on the 12th or 16th or even the final episode of the workshop.
it's the first time the segment has been operational in the two weeks from now.
the next problem is that the segment could be operational by monday.the talks in general are one speaker only but do it as an for example for one speaker? if the talks are only with one speaker then there's no problem with that.
the last person we have here today is [ person1 ] and the next problem is that the windows overlapped sentences and this causes some problems too.person14 is an updated version of the paraphrasing service tee rescue.
it's meant to be available only remotedly and there's little interaction with others as possible.
person14 has only worked on the project for three years.
the site is now in location 3, 000 miles away.if you don't get any response from [ person ]18, please make sure to to like treasure ask for that yourself without waiting.
the visualisation of sound it's called fastspeech is very similar to audacity recording chanells except it is not recording.the question is wheter it is available as ( code ), it is? is it available as code for code.
it is also available as a codename for person2 or not.
it's also interesting to see if there's a code for that and that's it.the next week's meeting will be friday instead of thursday, still thursday.
so what so you prefer to do friday? send it back to the same time next week, still.
click here to see what you think of this next week.
do you know a hero? nominations are open.