if we have to ( mobilize ) our efforts, we should get back to all of you by the end of the week with the [ organization1 ] data set.
the proposal should look good with all the - ( person5 ) data about the even mission metrics.what do you think? by using [ person5 ]'s tool...
by using the tool already made by annotators.
this can start - ( person5 ) uhm.
( person3 ).
i don't think that we can put that in the proposal." uhm little skip the fast shared task as simple as possibly...
but it's good that we can involve annotators to - ( person5 ) we are in a community, " says uhm.
" but what do we want to run this [ person4 ] s ] tool? "the alignment tool was created by the community of people in the community.
it allows people to use this information to get the people on a shared task.
it's on ready exceptive and can't be used in the background.
if you want to relieve yourself, it would be on full exceptive.if you want to know what i do myself to be as uhm, it's as effective as possible.
i'm not ( person ) 5 - 0, but ( person5 ) - - so what you are time limited...
and if you're time limited, we're probably time - limited.if you have a clear understanding of what should we prepare before the end of november, tell me what should i do before this.
i will start writing like uhm.
i have already the components nearly...
too.
but i have to find way to do that.
i'm totally lost.
i ’ m completely lost.do we begin the shared task proposal next week after you already have a task proposal.
if you're not working for that, you'll be fully focused on the alignment of transcripts and minutes now.
" uhm did you already try this [ person4 ]'s tool, did you think about how to organize this annotators work? "if you want to transfer this task to [ person2 ]? " uhm " ( person5 ) would do it once and like uhm...
it would really help me all the time and in this.
" i don't know at all how this project works, " says person5.once the annotator does the alignment, so what is the output of the tools? this is a alignment, just which part of what - so you mean it can be useful for evaluation.
if you see uhm how to use it, then it should come immediately uhm at the same time.if there's a difference between transkript and minutes is smaller than the quality of the minutes is also worse.
uhm should be stated clearly, but it should not be always the case.
it could also be that some pieces of transcripts are unimportant or on the contrary.a summarization office small piece of text could be divided according to that.
it could also be ano - uhm good training data, better training data and a correspondent summary line.
the data could be used to create a reporter's summary line for the next round of work.if we should include that evaluation part as part of a shared task, it would be possible.
the tool is actually ready, but there is some connection is missing that.
it's unclear how technical the tool will work and when it'll be available to the public.
if you want to transfer it to someone else, then then go [ person5 ] and agree on the details.if you want to transfer it's ok with me, maybe i will join you within a week.
i'm comfortable with it, but i don't mind it we started one, but uhm, uhm is definitely ok.
uhm may i ask [ person2 ] and thirtankar.
if i want to join you to discuss the technical details, then i will ask anyone else to join.annotators will be away, because they start at the start of october from september.
the annotations will be made by person5 and 110 minutes for each day.
annotator will be able to make the alignments from monday on worse.
it's very, very big work this alignment.the topic of annotation is the decision how the annotations look at.
" i think we should do it as soon as possible, because it will be getting a lot of time, " says person5's annotator.
" we have once started to put all our data to github, but we didn't finish it, " he says." we will have answers to all of this to connect to annotators, " says person5.
" this should be done.
by the end of this week, we can also.
discuss how to do it " " this is definitely what you need, " said person5's creator." we put that to the agenda, like i'm like...
and so i didn't so uhm we did it, " says person5.
the proposal for data for the organization1 and uhm and a tool.
" it ’ s really it's really < unintelligible, " said person5's creator, who is looking forward to that." we will see tommorrow, yeah, " says person5.
" i'm really uhm eager to see them, " the person5 said.
" you should have it by the end of this week, " said person5's girlfriend.
" we'll see you in person, " she said.