 The goal of office would be obviously to describe the pipeline say where there problems and to invite more people to join us .
The date i think the date is possible the 17th february .
There is two events which have the same type of adaptation as we will need for nlp and [project1] on the 12th and the 17th of february .
An important big event that i wanted to talk about is the students firm fair .
This is one of the to do or wanted items to add some filter and f- populated what words that we don't want to show at all .
This is something that we have a months or more for that .
The list will never be complete and it will contain many word which we actually like would like to have an as the output or as the input .
The idea i have in mind is to train empty systems on corpora which are refind to contain only higher frequency words so like safe word corpora or safe vocabulary corpora .
The tool that does this filtering should actually be regularly checking this has appearance some list .
The bad thing is that i haven't heard from <unintelligible> -.
The team and now i me and [person8] working on the paper for (exceptement) maybe we should do it after lunch or maybe in the morning .
The language model is being used in a new version of the czech asr system that should be trained on even more data .
We have limited volume and we have limited file only in [location4] transcript .
The audio is compressed to mp3 then shiped as mp3 to network and then decompress before being sent to the asr .
The question is what effect does this have on the quality of the sound quality .
The transform-hallucinated some words .
The problem is that we don't have speaker diarization on (fly) so we simply do not know when there is a speaker change .
The windows overlaped sentences and this causes some problems too .
The last person we have here today is [person14].
He has already worked on the project last june when he was helping us to put all the (byplan) together .
He can participate only remotedly and there for also whatever he does has to be like self contain as little interaction with others as possible .
There is one thing that isn't exactly important i don't know important maybe but then i just saw it today.
It's very similar to audacity recording chanells except it is not recording .
Psychiatrist: "Thank you much.
Thank you much" (person5, 5, 10, 10)