 The main scoop of this meeting, should be to define a kind of structure of the deliverable documents .
The documents should be only on the presentation platform, because they are <unintelligible> publishing platform.
But actually, then please confirm me.
The chat window is now open, but the chat window isn't working .
The chat has a chat window, but it doesn't work on the overleaf link .
The text is written in the text, and the text is re-used as a paragraph platform .
Acl demo paper is important to describe internals in some way, but also to describe the internals behind the scenes .
We need to follow, the requirements in the description of work and the d platform updates, the six, is it publishing platform it's called demonstrator .
An internal review has to be internally reviewed and normally we give ourselves two weeks, which is today .
We probably don't have anyone to, anyone who would've volunteered to, review this.
The [organization1] won't tell any details anyway.
We need the reviewer, who could we ask, it ideally someone from [organizations2].
Someone from [Organization4] or [organize2].
The reviewer should be someone from the organization, so i'll tell them, so the, when could you two have it? The deadline is, we have just a week.
We should have our full content ready by wed Wednesday.
We will ask your feedback next week for sure for sure.
We have two days to reuse reuse the content of the paper for elg and [person6] you were not on the not-on-the-call call.
We need functionalities to be provided, and next paragraph for example the architecture, how the information flow wo- works .
The content should be there towards the end of the next week .
The elg paper is due next friday, february .
The project was created by a group of people in overleaf .
The project is currently in beta and beta .
Proposal: Use the second strategy to directly ask organization to review my, my understanding of the platform .
Proposal suggests that you are suggesting that you'll write it right away.
Proposal is based on the original of the acl demo paper, right? This is [person4]'s colleague from you know back like 13 years, actually remember me and him taking some some lecture, probably 2000 or something .
He's kind of understood to get the latest changes first, then he push it on later .
You might need some <unintelligible> package manager manager, which one is, or is it maybe just up to get something .
You can say, you can say the b t tlmgr.
or i'm just looking into, something on the internet .
The group is trying to find a package that tells you if you have a different package to load instead of it .
The problem we are going to be kick of the from the, the room, because usually, it lasts one hour .
(person7) i think that, that probably you will write something much better that what i can able to provide to this document, so don't worry.
(person6) thank you very much and hear from you later .